1) create webpage using javascript. 
    accept how many items list has from user 
    create list using ol and li. no of li tags equals to no of items given by user. each li tag should display good morning message 

2) create webpage using javascript. 
    accept how many news should be displayed from user. 
    create table which will have 2 columns. 1st column display heading of news and content 
    2nd column will display news photo. 
    for detail refers https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/ 

3) create webpage that accept 3 input from user 
    amount, rate, year 
    calculate and display simple interest when user click on submit button. 

4) create webpage that accept 4 input from user 
    length, width, depth and it has radio button to select choice 
    (choice will be area and volume)
    findout area or volume based upon user choice when user clicks on submit button. 


5) create object User using 1st technique. store name,surname,age,gender,weight,email,mobile into it in property variable. display each and every property inside separate td tag of tr tag. 

6) create object to calculate BMI which has property variables. 
    1) weight 
    2) foot & remaining inch 

    it also has methods 
        getInput() to store input in property variables 
        getBMI() which return bmi of person 

    accept all inputs from user using input tags. 

7) create class using 4th technique to store player score. store 
    Name, runs, ball, 4s,6s,2s,1s and zero and how he/she got out. 
    accept input for all above property from users. and create object of player class pass it into constructor and display it in table format. 

8) create object using 3rd technique to store customers order detail in restaurant. store 
    customer name, no of thali, ras, papad, chas, roti. 
    accept input for all above property from users. and create object variable when user click on submit button. and display it in card format using bootstrap. 

9) create example that will display all indian language names as ordered list. this ordered list will be generated by map function using list which has all countries. 

10) create example that will display all ipl team names, captain name, city and home ground inside html table. this table will be generated by map function using list of object. 

11) create example that will show all the movies of ranveer kapoor using bootstrap card. display card responsively. these card will be generated using list of object. each object has movie name, release year, category, and star cast.

